Use Docker context for remote machines (#3625)
microsoft/vscode-docs: docs/containers/ssh.md

1. Create a [Docker context](https://docs.docker.com/engine/context/working-with-contexts/) that points to the remote machine running Docker. Use `ssh://username@host:port` as the Docker endpoint (replace "host" with your remote machine name, or the remote machine IP address). Issue the following command from terminal window:

    ```shell
    docker context create my-remote-docker-machine --docker "host=ssh://username@host:port"
    ```

    If you don't include user name, the command will use your current local user name, which might be wrong. If you omit the port, it defaults to 22.

> 1. Issue **Docker Context: Use** Visual Studio Code command to activate the Docker context pointing to the remote machine. This command causes both VS Code and Docker CLI to use the remote machine context.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Use the **Command Palette** (`kb(workbench.action.showCommands)`) to issue the **Docker Context: Use** command to activate the Docker context pointing to the remote machine. This command causes both VS Code and Docker CLI to use the remote machine context.
```
